Half away from the opens at Hong Kong,
Shenzhen and Shanghai. You're watching
the China show. I'm Y Ivon Man with
David and Glass. Our top stories this
morning, President Trump is said to be
willing to impose new tariffs on India
and China to push Russia into
negotiations with Ukraine. The White
House issues a rare rebuke to Israel
after an attack on Hamas officials in
Qatar. European leaders also denounce
what they call a setback to peace
efforts. and Hong Kong stocks in focus
as mainland investors snap out the
shares for an eighth straight day.
Investors also awaiting China's
inflation figures due this hour.
And I'm Annabelle Drooers here at
Semicon Taiwan, one of the largest
semiconductor events in the world, where
I'll be speaking with crucial players in
the chip ecosystem on the biggest issues
their businesses face and how they're
shaping their outlook.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
Midweek session is it's under 29 minutes
away. I'll give you a big number at the
top of the show here. 1.85.
185. Not CM. not my height. That's the
distance in percentage points from
record highs here on MSEI Asia Pacific.
Uh the benchmark right now 216, the
level you're tracking is 220 and as you
can see we're getting even closer to
that uh with a rally across the tech
space. Taiwan coming online monthly
record as far as exports go. Point
number one. Point number two is of
course we have a lot of uh fixed income
uh events to watch today as it pertains
to an auction in Japan. Fiveyear there,
five and 50year in China which we can
get to more in a moment. Right. dollar
is actually seeing a bit of a bounce
right now. You had this massive
revisions, record revisions of course to
the jobs numbers. 900,000
uh jobs. We're back above the 1,200
level on the dollar index. Of course,
the other big event that we just talked
about too was what took place in in
Doha. Uh markets reacted initially and
then quickly brushed off when you look
at where Brent eventually settled and
VIX futures. We'll talk more about that
in a moment. Gold is coming off a little
bit half of 1% following a record run of
late. China overnight the outperformance
has been really quite interesting and
visible really golden dragon index up a
further one and a half percent we're
looking at some of the premiums involved
here going into the session today so two
names come to mind JD.com and Kingsoft
cloud Alibaba continues to push highs 4%
Morning Star will be coming on in a
couple of minutes here to talk us
through they're bullish now on Alibaba
they're talking about how the market is
underpricing the long-term benefits of
the cloud business on the AI story in
China futures pushing down we talked
about this bond auction coming through.
Eighth day as well of southbound flows
coming into Hong Kong.
>> Yeah, it continues to be strong. I think
Alibaba is sort of the reason behind it,
right? We take a look at the buying in
10 cent and Alibaba last few sessions
that those two stocks alone have been
really gaining a lot of momentum and
really helping with this equity rally of
late. So certainly that's one thing to
watch here in your agenda today. Take a
look at the inflation numbers that are
coming down in a few minutes time. So,
uh, we talked about maybe factory gate
prices might start narrowing their
decline, right? Goldman Sachs is way
Sean told us yesterday, look for the
month-on-month numbers and maybe the
signs that anti-involution is really
coming into for now. You take a look at
southbound flows as Dave mentioned there
sectors including tech, hardware,
lithium, we talk about CL with the mine
there now resuming production soon as
what we've been hearing from our sources
there. So that certainly did move the
market overnight in terms of lithium
stocks and the like. The CGB sale, we're
still waiting for credit data out of
China and the Belt and Road Summit in
Hong Kong.
>> Uh yeah, we understand in fact that John
Lee is uh speaking I believe at the
opening session that will get you more
lines of course once we do have more uh
on that as well. Okay. Uh okay, you know
what just happened the a few minutes
ago. So the Cosby actually is now
trading above its record high close.
Whether or not it closes above that is
another thing alto together. Uh we're
looking at breaking news too. Okay, this
is on
Japanese nuclearpowered group Cana
Electric. You have Elliot now taking a
stake. Uh we're up close to 8% at one
point. What are we doing now in the
stock? Can we show that please if we can
so our viewers can have a sense of what
the market reaction is. I'm looking at
it myself. 9503 is the ticker for that
as well. Yeah, Elliot taking a a stake.
Uh that's what we know so far and the
stock should be coming up if not
already. Do you have it up? Let me just
have it up as well. Okay.
>> Sorry.
>> I need more screens.
>> We all We
>> Where's my other screen? 8% now. 8 and a
quarter. Thank you so much. 8 and a
quarter. 1%. 2300 right now uh on the
share price. More details on this uh
coming through. All right. Uh back to
the top stories right now. This rally in
China. We'll continue to track that
going into today. A lot of momentum
coming through in tech. This again
and this was really somewhat out of the
blue. Uh Donald Trump is talking about
tariffs on China and India.
>> Yeah. And this is a way to as he uses
tariffs in a way to get his way in other
sort of bigger matters, right? When it
comes to negotiating tactics when it
comes to uh Ukraine and and getting
Russia uh to maybe come up to some sort
of peace deal. That certainly is kind of
the why we're seeing tariffs kind of
reemerge in the headlines once again,
but certainly there's a lot of focus
there. I don't know if markets care too
much at this point about tariffs right
now. I think we're really kind of
focused on still that whole AI trade
here in Asia.
>> Yeah, it really is. And I think the
Taiwan data point which typically is not
something that markets tend to spend too
much time on the exports monthly exports
is indicative really of just this AI
trade and that is being supported by
underlying demand for the things that
you need for the AI trade. Uh the other
thing that to the point that Ivonne was
just making here on big stories that
markets don't seem to be placing too
much weight on currently is what took
place of course in in in Qatar in Doha
uh overnight. You had several blasts
heard there. Of course, uh you had the
Israelis coming out and talking about
and giving context to what happened
there. Initially, when you look at what
happened overnight, right, whether
that's oil or the VIX initial spike and
then quickly that dissipated into the
close as we pivoted back to the other
big story which was AI and this rally
taking place.
>> Yeah. And I guess the market the oil
markets are not really focused too much
on that geopolitics side of things, but
maybe still on supply and demand after
what we heard from OPEC too.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh just last few days as well. Let's get
to one of our top stories here right
now, which is President Trump said to be
willing to impose sweeping new tariffs
on both India and China in order to push
Russia into peace talks with Ukraine.
But that's only if the EU does so as
well. For more, let's bring in our chief
North Asia correspondent, Stephen Engel.
He's here with us. So, what do we know
about this new proposal from the White
House? Well, we do know that Donald
Trump phoned into uh talks between the
EU and US officials. Uh as the EU
ponders further sanctions on Russia uh
in particular their oil sector, uh
there's a number of different proposals
out there being bantied about whether
further sanctions, further restrictions
on the shadow oil tankers of Russia,
maybe more sanctions on Russia's
financial sector and banks and other
measures. But one thing that Donald
Trump phoned in and suggested is uh we
can meaning the United States can add
further tariffs onto China and India as
a pressure point to pressure Putin and
Russia to come to the peace table and
have negotiations uh with Zilinski and
Ukraine which Putin so far has not
really given any indication that he is
ready to come face tof face with uh
Zalinski. Uh in fact they've actually
upped their attacks in Ukraine. Uh but
only Donald Trump put this caveat but
only if the EU member nations also do
the same thing on Russia and China. Keep
in mind uh India China is the biggest
buyer of Russian energy. India has been
upping their imports of Russian crude uh
much to the chagrin of Washington. So
again, it's not a sure thing that all
the EU member nations are going to be on
board with further sanctions on Russian
energy because countries like Hungary uh
among others have blocked strict uh
sanctions on Russia.
>> Something related but confusing to me.
Steve, wonder if you could clarify this.
You know, aren't we also learning about
progress from Donald Trump about
conversations on trade with India
because that seems to contradict
>> what everything else is indicating. But
I mean this is the world we live in.
>> Yeah, that's the first thing I thought
when I woke up this morning said, "Wait
a minute, didn't I read something that
he had posted on the same day Tuesday in
the United States uh on Tooth Social
that he is making progress uh with
Indians about resolving their
differences over trade barriers. So on
the one out of one side of the breath
you're saying we're making progress. On
the other side of the breath you're
saying we could add more tariffs on you
uh as a way to pressure Russia. Not
necessarily to pressure them but
indirectly it would pressure them. Keep
in mind the United States has imposed
50% tariffs on Indian goods to the
United States. 25% as reciprocal 25% as
punishment if you will uh for India
buying Russian oil.
>> Steve thank you so much. Steven Angel
there, our chief North Asia
correspondent. Markets are rallying
right now going into the open today.
Certainly the last week or so has really
seen some upside momentum coming through
across these Chinese markets. S&P of
course closing u I believe at a record
high overnight. Mark Cranfield is with
us right now out of Singapore to talk us
through the trading day and the trading
action today. Mark, what's uh what's top
of mind for you, sir, this Wednesday?
Uh we we love the idea of um Federal
Reserve interest rate cuts, especially
big ones, and you can see that spreading
across the world. Another record, as
you've been talking about, S&P 500, and
you're seeing the the positivity just
spill over into everything. Cosby today
going above its its high. Maybe it will
stay that way for the close today. I
mean, everybody just wants to take more
risk. They they feel investors feel
confident that interest rates are coming
down in the United States. And when you
see those huge revisions to the jobless
numbers that we saw overnight for
America, the justification for the
Federal Reserve to keep going in that
direction is pretty good. And I mean,
and Korea itself probably has another
rate cut coming in October as well. So
most of the world is looking towards
opportunities to to lower interest
rates, apart from Japan. They still
think they can raise rates, but
elsewhere it's good for equity markets.
You're seeing high demand for for chip
stocks as well. AI theme is still
running hot. Um there's really very
little reason for investors not to be
continue throwing money at equity
markets and and that's where you're
seeing play out and it helps of course
that the dollar is relatively soft as
well. That fuels more demand for Asian
markets in particular.
>> There's a lot of talk Mark about this
inflation print out the US this week. I
mean do you think anything out of there
could actually derail the sort of risk
rally that we're seeing now?
You would certainly see a knee-jerk
reaction if we get a hotter than
expected uh CPI number. It is not going
to change the Fed's thinking at all for
the September meeting. The the 25 basis
points is cast in stone. Dialing back on
that is unthinkable in the current
climate. The only question is whether or
not they're obviously going to discuss
50 basis points. Whether they go through
with a bigger rate cut is a question,
but not doing 25 basis points would just
be too devastating for financial markets
at the moment. So whatever comes out of
the CPI, even if it's a very hot number,
you may see an initial reaction in
markets where they get a bit defensive.
It will probably be wiped out relatively
quickly because you can slice and dice
CPI so many ways. You can look at
averages. You can look at all kinds of
regressions. they will find a way to
talk down those CPI numbers if they do
happen to come out hot. So that's not
going to change anything for September.
The only place it may do is in the
outlook after September. So possibly you
would see in the messaging from the
Federal Reserve they get a little bit
more cautious for what comes for the
rest of the year. But in the short term
it doesn't mean very much.
Mark, just to borrow your your your
phrasing there of hot, can I ask you
about Chinese tech and what's going on
there? I mean, eighth day of inflows
across the stock connect this premium
has uh ah has shrunk to what six year
lows were at 120 on the gauge there.
Massive move in the ETFs uh o overnight.
What what what what's going on there?
>> Yeah, I think your last point there is
just look at Alibaba ETF. I mean, it is
just going off the charts every day.
People come in, they see it gaps higher
again, trades even further up in
American trading. I mean, that's the
best start you can possibly have. When
you come in in the morning in Asia and
you've seen that Alibaba has zoomed
higher again overnight on big trading
volumes, it's just reinforcing your view
that there is more to to go in this this
story. And it's an incredible turnaround
because people have written off Alibaba
a few times over the past couple of
years, but they're really coming back.
their their latest AI products seem to
have really captured the imagination of
everybody. And when you see their
comparisons in the United States and
around the world, people will think
there's still potential more upside for
them and for other companies employing
similar devices. So this rally may look
as though it's gone quite away, but if
you compare it to the kind of things
that we've seen this year with Nvidia
and some other companies, uh you may
suggest that there's quite a bit more to
go yet.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there
joining us from Singapore MI strategist
on what to expect next. And yeah, we're
going to talk a lot more about tech here
coming up. We're live from Semicon
Taiwan. The president of TSMC Supply
Chain member Sea Sun joins us next with
his outlook for the chips industry. And
happening now, we got some live pictures
out of Hong Kong here. John Lee, the
chief executive speaking at the Belt and
Road Summit here in the city as we
countdown to the opens of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This
is the China Show. Good morning.
[Music]
Right, you're watching the China show.
Welcome back. Secon Taiwan
sounds like the Transformers to some
extent here. Anyway, begins today. uh
you have of course top names in the
semiconductor industry that's the
context they're discussing of course key
issues AI chips the shifting supply
chain that's really benefiting many a
name uh in Taiwan let's cross it over in
fact to the events and Belle is there
our Asia tech correspondent with our
first guest Bill
>> thanks David yeah really great guest
with me this morning this is the sea sun
president Frank Leang this morning but
Sea Sun of course is one of the major
suppliers to TSMC for for It's advanced
packaging technology that's co-wash chip
on wafer on substrate. But let's just
get started because I mean we're not
really in the era anymore of Moore's law
and so that really puts that greater
focus on advanced packaging. What's the
scale of the opportunity that you see?
>> Okay. Actually in before 2023 we don't
think it's a industry. It's a business
but in starting from 2023 it's become
like a new volcano. Yeah. like uh before
203 we ship only one machine per year
but uh in the past three years we almost
grows like annually 100%. So in the next
few years as we heard from the TSM uh
TSMC announcement that the the best pack
become the most important uh row in
terms of beyond law. So actually for all
the chips that needed by like a media
like all other uh ethic uh uh chip uh uh
uh uh like a brocom
they all need advanced package because
of of the staking all the the chip to
make the the high high perform high
performing computing uh uh available. So
actually the growth will be very huge. I
think uh for this year they now they at
least they have a 70,000 uh pieces of
paper uh per months but but later it
will be more.
>> So how do you keep pace with that
demand? I mean you were saying that you
know for for 30 years you were selling
one piece of equipment to TSMC each
year. Then came 2023 and it was this
really big focus on advanced packaging
and demand exploded. As a business how
have you kept up? Actually you know the
bottom line for us is not about product
uh is not about production because uh 10
20 years ago ago when LCD uh industry
come to Taiwan actually we experienced
that kind of expansion before. So we
already build an ecosystem to fit this
kind this kind of factorations. So
actually uh like we have formed alliance
so we share our capacities. So for
example, one of our alliance company
actually uh grows like a uh revenue in
terms of revenue grows around 200%. But
actually we share our our facility, we
share our engineers. So actually we
could deliver um much at a much faster
pace.
>> TSMC is bringing a lot more fabs online
in the US in particular and of course
there's sort of that overarching tariff
risk as well that the companies face.
Would you be prepared to to follow them
there as well? Yeah, we have to go with
them. But uh the the the key issue is
what kind of product they will produce
there. So we will choose uh uh more
adequate uh team to go there to service
them.
>> And when it comes to team, I mean one of
the key concerns for companies that are
moving to the US in particular is also
around talent and and labor supply and
having the right people there on the
ground that can do what you need. But
then this week as well, I mean, or the
past few days, we've heard concerns
about this raid on on the the Hyundai LG
battery plant in Georgia. Is that a
concern for you about about being able
to find the right staff or to bring
staff from Taiwan?
>> I I think that's absolutely a very
crucial point. We have to face that and
I think uh the first things that we have
to prepare the team to serve. Then the
second you have to prepare uh like a a
training team and the the other thing
the more challenging is to recruit
locally because uh uh it's a very
different culture there. So it's uh it's
a very challenging for us to recruit
Thailand to service TSF locally.
>> So so how do you how do you go about
that? I mean what's sort of the process
look like? What are what's the key steps
and and how long does it take as well
for you to be ready to make that step to
the US? Actually I think uh in the
beginning when they accept their first
line I think we'll be ready to have help
have help have them to start but later
to because for TSMC the most importance
is to co-develop with them in the
production line. So in the beginning we
will we will send our step there but
later we will have to collaborate with
local university
>> to start with fresh. So this is the best
way to do that like a university of
Arizona something like that. Yeah.
>> Okay. Yeah. Okay. So bringing students
down the pipeline and yeah okay that
makes sense. What about Europe as well?
I mean TSMC setting up plants there or
continuing to build out their expansion
in Europe. H how does that also fair in
terms of the availability of labor? Is
it more accessible or you face the same
challenges?
>> I think it's totally different uh uh
approach when TSMC uh set up their
factory in US from in Dresston or in
Kumamoto because in Kumoto or Tristan
they are more mature than not facility.
So we are not sure whether they will
have adverse packaging there but if they
will have we will go there and now we uh
like like in the beginning of this year
I went to Prague
>> and to see how how we can get talent
there. So I think uh in uh in the East
Europe there's a lot of good uh uh
talent there but they need training.
>> Yeah we've really seen that big push
from the Czech Republic in particular.
Last question about about revenue. I
mean last year on the 2024 report we saw
semiconductor revenue making up around
35% of of the overall pie. What's it
looking like for for 2025?
>> I think this will be over 50%. I think
was will be more in the next few years.
>> Right Frank thanks very much for joining
us this morning. That was Frank Leang
there that the sea sun president joining
me as we get Semicon Taiwan underway for
another year and as we've been saying
100,000 people expected to come through
these doors for the event.
>> Amazing. All right, thanks so much
Belle. We'll have much more coming out
from Semicon Taiwan coming up. We'll be
hearing from PTI's chairman plus
Infinian CEO will be with us to share
his outlook on the global chips supply
chain. Terms of the pre-market, this is
what we're setting up to as well. We're
just minutes away of course from that
inflation number out of China as well.
And you are continuing to see gains in
this equity market in Hong Kong. We're
up 100 points already. Futures are flat
this morning, but yes, we did get that
remey fix once again at a 710 handle
from the PBOC. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. A rally is upon us and
looks to be extending today. So the Hen
index is in fact poised to open above
26,000.
Uh today 410 of 1%. We'll talk about
tech and some of the superlatives there
in a moment, but yeah, this is really a
techdriven equity market rally and
certainly the flows are indicating that
tech continues to be favored by mainland
investors.
>> Yeah, look at Alibaba. We're up for a
fourth straight session and this brings
us what I think it's close to 10% gains
already this week, which is amazing uh
for that stock. We talk about how we
have approached around those four-year
highs uh for Alibaba. And take a look
at, you know, it's really not about a
food delivery story anymore. This is
clearly on cloud cloud cloud cloud. We
saw the Oracle and what they said in
terms of cloud outlook overnight as well
that certainly helped a lot of these
sort of AI trades as well. And really
when you take a look at Alibaba versus
Mwtoan it's a tale of two companies
almost at this point. You take a look at
how the stock direction has. So really
Alibaba has changed the narrative
substantially in just a matter of what a
week or so.
>> Yeah it's it's it's now become a proper
AI play uh when you look at that and
certainly how the price has been
reacting to the recent news. Uh the
other thing we want to point out
similarly to this is of course and as
you can see mate has now taken out a h
100red bucks. U seeing a little bit of
weakness today. So that's going that's
diverging. We're looking at JD.com.
That's another thing and 10 cent
continues to gain half of 1% and I just
over 700 bucks is the all-time high for
10 cent. So we're still about 70 bucks
away from that but we've been getting
there very close. And of course lithium
is a big story today too.
>> Yep. We're seeing a massive drop in some
of these lithium stocks here in the back
of our reporting that CL might be ready
to restart that mine in China. The open
is next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
If you look at the steel prices, the
coal prices, uh lithium prices, uh poly
silicon uh prices which goes into solar
panel, the raw material prices did
increase in July and August. So from
that point of view when you have
upstream sectors price going up whether
on expectation or actually
anti-involution related if you already
see commodity prices going up that could
translate into improving PPI sequential
inflation. Um but for the young numbers
that pop up on your screen that's going
to take a while uh to get back to the
positive territory.
Yeah, that was way there. She joined us
yesterday here on shows counting us down
of course to the inflation reports and
the month and month number might look
better than the year and year which is
perhaps not as flattering.
>> That countdown clock made me nervous.
We're counting down in milliseconds.
>> Feels like me blinking after five
coffees.
>> Yeah. So, we're expecting at least a
little bit narrowing of of the
contraction at least for PPI, right? But
as as Huan mentioned yesterday, look for
the month- on-month numbers. that swings
to some sort of positive territory.
You're starting to see signs that maybe
anti-involution is working, right? She
mentioned a little bit more about the
midstream sort of segments of this
economy. Certainly, that's one thing to
watch. But can this actually spread
further is something that we're going to
be asking Shia Ju from credit coming up
as well. There you go. Inflation numbers
just crossing your screen here right
now. Uh seems to be in line in terms of
PPI numbers 2.9% which is align with uh
consensus there and yes confirming the
narrowing of that contraction as well.
CPI though still negative. We're talking
about 0.4% to the downside there. That
is a slight miss on that front. Anything
that's standing out to you, Dave?
>> Yeah. Okay. So, I'm actually looking at
the month-to-month figure. So, if it is
coming in line, that should actually be
enough. And the reason I'm hedging at
the moment is because we still yet to
actually see the actual number.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh for August. But the fact that the
year and year is coming in line
indicates to me that the month and month
should actually be either flat if not
slightly higher compared to the to the
previous month. But yes, uh we can uh
have a look at these markets and of
course some of the other CL of course is
a stock
>> that's a big one to watch right our
reporting saying that you know they
could be restarting that mine uh earlier
than expected before it was about 3
months. So looks like things have been
pushed forward a little bit here as
well. So lithium stocks we're seeing CL
was actually lower in the Asare market
as well. Uh we're watching of course
Alibaba that's the standout still 145
now for that stock. We have Morning
Stars Chelsea Tam joining us in just a
few minutes. She just upgraded just
overnight 175 I believe
>> is the target price
>> is her price target now uh really on the
back of this kind of cloud revenue from
AI that she thinks the market is still
underpricing here at the moment we're
talking about a fourth straight day of
gains for Alibaba and that is lifting
overall HS tech we're up 8/10 of 1% 10
cent by uh is doing quite well mtoan
though is heading the opposite direction
here today Dave
>> yeah um so I think what's what what's
key there is people are buying ing the
Baba story because that's an AI play and
that's not so much they're now looking
at Baba at least for now and we don't
know how that changes they're still
looking at Baba well they're no looking
they're no longer viewing Baba as a as a
play on the sort of the low margin
>> food delivery
>> delivery business right and I think the
key thing there is we were talking about
this before the shows but you know you
get groceries
>> quick commerce
>> quick commerce delivery if they're
>> you can get their groceries in under an
hour basically right and it's something
that they're really kind of pushing into
with the likes of Mtoan and JD, you
know, is that really going to be
something that they should be getting
into or or is this going to be a very
costly sort of endeavor?
>> Yeah, that's a new trade, a new price
war that they're about to get into. But
again, the the the cloud business and I
think Tensson also has a has a cloud
business that's higher margin that's an
AI play and we'll see whether or not
that's a that's that actually is the
multiple you should be attaching to the
likes of Alibaba and not so much.
Anyway, I think that's something we can
revisit later with with Chelsea T.
>> Yeah, let's bring in Shel first. uh
chief China economist at credit agricult
um so 2.9% to the downside for PPI 0.4%
4% to the downside in CPI. Your initial
take on these numbers so far.
>> I think CPI inflation like drove more
than expected. I I think it's a little
bit disappointing. I think um for food
prices they probably have dropped more
than expected. I think there are some
temporary factors that could be weighing
on the CPI more than expected. For
example, weather has not been so great,
hot weathers and also more typhoon and
heavy rains in many parts of China. that
may have weighed on the uh you know
consumption for the Chinese household.
But that said, I think this is a
definitely very weak number and China
policy makers have to do more. Yeah.
>> What about on the PPI front?
>> The PPI I think is encouraging. I think
this is really the first time the PPI
deflation narrowed I I think by 0.6
percentage point uh the first time since
uh February. Uh I think in terms of the
muscle month terms I think it's pro
perhaps still
>> it's still slightly negative actually
>> slightly negative but I think narrowed
compared to previous months I think
there is I think this is showing some uh
initial positive um impact from the
latest anti- evvolution uh initiatives
from the government.
>> Yeah. Are we are we starting to see that
really get some more traction? I mean
what are you tracking in terms of
commodity prices you know and and
whether this rebound is sustainable?
Yeah, I think that if we look at the
reactions of the prices, it was more
notable in July when this policy
rhetoric from policy um policy top
policy makers really got intensified. Um
but in August I think selectively some
commodity prices continue to maintain
this gain but for some other uh
commodities they have seen some um you
know pair back in terms of the previous
gain. So I think people are still like
testing on what could be real, what
could be really out of expectation gain.
So we we are still going to see more of
the uh uh market regulators, industrial
associations to follow up with more u
policy details for to to uh to address
this. Uh for example, yesterday we
already seen these um market regulator
asking the food delivery platforms and
uh asking them to to really um to bring
in this um uh attra low price
competition etc.
>> The the the National Bureau of
Statistics is just giving more context
to this drop in CPI. So they're partly
blaming the high base effects coming out
of last year and which is why we're
looking at the drop. notwithstanding
sort of the lack of underlying demand of
course in the economy. The reason I ask
you that is the equity market has been
rallying despite that and that's because
perhaps because of lower interest rates.
Do you expect the yield curve to remain
not as steep as what we've seen
elsewhere which has become problematic
for for other places? I think so far if
you look at the uh China's uh bono curve
it has been relatively more stable lack
of volatility that we have seen uh in
other developed markets in the cup uh
last couple of weeks. I think on one
hand I think people really have no
understanding that the economic
fundamentals for China has remained
quite weak. Today's inflation data tells
that tell us that the re uh in uh
reinflation will probably take a little
bit more time. So that uh even though
the long end of the curve seems to be
really recently see more volatility uh
but the upside I think is still
relatively capped because of the lack of
re real pick up in the fundamentals.
uh most recently I think the stock
market has been um the the sentiment has
been uh holding up quite quite okay.
There has been some of the allocations
from the bond market to equity but not
um really out of scale yet.
>> Uh you you mentioned a little bit about
the need for stimulus. There's there's a
lot of talk of, you know, the fact that
this equity rally is liquidity driven
that, you know, it's it's it's
refraining the the PBOC to really kind
of undergo any sort of rate cuts or or
triple R cuts because the fear of
fueling equity speculation. Do do you
sort of buy that sort of narrative right
now or or do you still expect to see
some some decent amount of stimulus by
year end?
>> I I think we are still expecting POC
could a little bit more. uh I think our
baseline is 10 bips in the fourth
quarter and another 10 bibs in 2026.
It's not massive. Um but if we look at
how Fed could be u cutting rates and
more frontloaded and uh and the recent
uh you know the uh relief of the
pressures on the PBC's mandate to
maintain FS stability I think definitely
that opens door uh for more POC easing
but of course I think timing wise um the
POC need to be a little bit more careful
I think the um uh the continued uh incre
uh like um recovery in the stock market
in the stock market is healthy and will
be supportive because it will help to
ease the financial conditions for the
corporates as well as for the real
economy but in terms of the pace I think
will definitely want a more healthy uh
increase of the stock market rather than
really uh some crazy uh rally and sharp
correction. the I mean it's something
we've heard quite common on the shows
recently is the stock market's become
somewhat of an economic tool as well.
>> Um so we've had inflation trade trade
was out I think two days ago. What do
you mean of trade? What's what's the
exports outlook right now? I think I
think for exports definitely will show
more signs of slowdown and more notably
into Q4 um because of this higher US
tariffs payback of previous front
loading and in Q4 last year the
comparison base was quite high as well.
Uh so we think export will likely to
decline in fourth quarter uh compared to
now still quite decent grow growth. That
said, I think u China's products remains
very competitive. Uh if you look at the
deflations in PPI and if you look at the
CNY is not is is really being quite
stable. Uh so in terms of trade weighted
terms for the CY actually recently has
only rebounded quite modestly. Yeah. So,
so I think that would uh and also on top
of that there has been u continued
diversifications of China's exports. I
think that would provide some buffer.
>> Okay, nice to see you sajur there.
Fantastic insights as always. Thank you
for coming in here. Uh chief China
economist at credit agricult. Okay. Um
everything seems to be moving to the
upside. So, while we we're looking at
producer prices continuing to have a
negative print there, the Alibaba story
is wow,
>> the bulls are in control, right? We're
talking about soaring to a 4-year high.
We're up close to 3% right now. So, this
brings us back to November 2021. We
talked about this yesterday, right? That
that brings us back to sort of the glory
days of Alibaba, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Pre government crackdown,
regulatory fines and the like. What a
comeback really. Um there's a really
funny statistic has nothing to do with
the market. So but but here here's
something interesting and bear me out
here. So can we show Hang Tech Index and
and here here it comes right. You
remember Brian Mcnite's song
>> back at what?
>> Uh yes. It's been 6 months.
>> Yeah.
>> 8 days.
>> Uh and 12 hours.
>> Yeah.
>> Since since you went away, right? Yeah.
>> 6 months. 8 days. 12 hours.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we're singing on the
show now.
>> It's been exactly that amount of time
since the Hangen Tech Index hit an
intraday high
>> on March 7, 2025. It's been 6 months, 8
days, and 12 hours
>> since the intraday high. The Hang Tech.
Look how Brian Mcnite suddenly finds
himself.
>> What's this whole Isn't there a thing
they call it numerology where the
Swifties love us, right? When they talk
about numbers and what it all means and
stuff, but yeah.
>> Well, you have to find maybe Bloomberg.
So yeah, numerology is in our DNA in
some ways. But yeah, here you go.
Alibaba, anything cloud related, I think
is doing quite well here today. Take a
look at like Kingsoft for example. These
are some of the big names that we're
tracking here uh in the China session as
well. CL that that still remains a kind
of big sort of story there. So our
sources telling us that they are ready
uh to maybe restart this mine that
really sent shock waves to the market
just a few months ago as well. So CL and
H shares are up, but some of these
lithium stocks are collapsing here this
morning. gum and lithium down some 6%.
Apple suppliers, right? So, we have
thinner phones, we have new AirPods.
>> What else do we hear? Right. A whole
lineup
>> uh that you know they they lined up here
when it comes to the the iPhone. So,
certainly there's a there's a much
thinner AirPod Air.
>> Oh, that they're talking about.
>> Well, I hope that doesn't mean thinner
devices means that skinny jeans are
coming back because that that that needs
to that needs to be uh
>> outlawed forever. Yeah. That needs to
out of my millennial memory now. But
there you go. Mixed picture for some of
these Apple suppliers here today. But
yeah, could be a sell sell the news sort
of thing now that you know we have seen
those products unveiled. Uh coming up
we're talking about still talking about
Alibaba. We're speaking with Morning
Stars Chelsea Tam following its recent
upgrade of Alibaba stock on the back of
its cloud computing and AI investments.
Chelsea Tam joins us next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're checking Baba stock
here. There you go. It's another solid
day. We're at 146 levels for the stock
here as well. I believe the last three
sessions alone, we've gained about close
to 10% already on the stock. So, we're
getting some lines here crossing. So
yesterday there was some reports that
they might have an update on their
business when it came to AAP. Of course,
this is um their digital map provider.
>> So they're committing a billion rem in
new subsidies for the AAP business. And
they're upgrading the AAP now with
features like get this AI ranked site
reviews. So yeah, things are fired up
once again once you hear AI.
>> Yeah. and and they're bringing this into
I wouldn't say a traditional business
but certainly an upgrade to one of its
um some of the older initiatives
relatively speaking of course. So we'll
yeah we'll we'll really see this is
really I think a company that's now
starting to show us how they're using
the technology and to being able to
bolster that and certainly the markets
rerating the stock. Morning Star in fact
on that note has upgraded its rating on
Alibaba. Uh they now have a price target
175 Hong Kong dollars. Chelsea Tam is
with a senior equity analyst at Morning
Star joins us right now. Chelsea, the
thesis, if you could elaborate on this,
is the market up until recently has just
been under appreciating, underpricing
the potential for Alibaba in what sense?
>> Yeah. Um, so I think it's mainly uh the
cloud business uh that investors are
very uh looking forward to. So um they
have increased the uh revenue uh
acceleration pace uh in the June quarter
for the cloud business. So I think it
got the investors very excited um
because that really speaks to strong
demand and we already forecast we
already forecast that um there will be
acceleration in AI revenue and cloud
revenue um um this year and next year
but that it also beat our expectation.
So I think that's number one. Number two
is that I think uh maybe slightly less
people talked about this but then um if
you look at quick commerce um they
actually give very good guidance um like
very clear guidance you know analysts
love guidance um so they were saying
that uh GMV uh there could be one
trillion additional GMV like with like
in three year in three years time so on
our estimate it could add like for
example 9% or low teens uh to adjust the
epitita um and in addition to that um I
think the traditional e-commerce
business which is the uh customer
management revenue also did very
strongly uh in the June quarter uh and
then like I think I didn't expect that
the quick commerce can already give a
lift to CMR um so I think that is also
uh beating expectation as well
>> okay I want to get the food delivery
side of things a little bit later on
Chelsea but the this new AI AI product
that they've been talking about. How how
are you looking at it right now? How
does it compare wi with the rivals out
there like open AI or deep sea for
example?
>> Yeah, I think that we cannot uh really
completely compare them with open AI.
But if you look at some of the 3P uh
like I mean thirdarty uh uh consulting
uh firms or uh in data providers they
would rank um like open AI anthropic you
know like like a few of these like uh
top leaders in uh the US like higher but
then if you look at China is mainly
deepseek and and Q1 that are ranked like
very highly in terms of like overall
intelligence and Then I think the key is
that uh we understand that because of
national security reasons um there's no
way that open AI can come into China
like you know uh massively expand their
businesses. So what is left um in China
to capture the pie is like companies
like Alibaba or BYU. So I think that
they will uh absolutely benefit and you
can also see uh that like if you look at
how fast uh Alibaba is able to improve
and how aggressive they are um you can
actually you can actually see that they
are really they really have the
capability to improve very quickly.
>> Chelsea just to play devil's advocate
and I'm sure you might have a respon you
I'm sure you have a response to this.
How would you respond to well two things
one is the sequential drop in the cloud
margin and number two is the fairly
subdued capex on AI like what doesn't
that tell you that they're more
conservative as it pertains to the
outlook for cloud what's the what's
what's the bullish spin there
>> yeah so I think generally speaking I'm
not worried about the cloud margin so uh
for one thing uh I think that the cloud
margin would have like slight
fluctuation But then they would be able
to stay at high single digit. So as long
as it's in high single digit, I think
I'm okay. Um if you think about it, if
you have like uh so much new capex
coming into like this division, you will
naturally see a lower margin because at
the beginning you cannot uh ramp
everything very quickly as in like the
utilization is not 100% like the like
like once you um uh invest in those
capex but then like later on I think
they demand will catch up very quickly.
So then we actually expect that in the
next 2 three years margin will be high
single digit and then later on they will
just continue to grow and also um I
think there will be an inflection point
where um like I think that training uh
like I think that inference demand will
uh probably outgrow training. So then
and then we actually lease uh need less
uh resources for um re inferences. So
that could actually give some boost to
my But let's think about it in the long
term margin will improve
>> sorry your take on yeah
>> sorry on food delivery because um we're
running out of time sorry but there
there's so much the narrative has
shifted so much when it comes to this
stock right I think just a few months
ago we were talking about
>> food price wars and food delivery price
wars and you know where how does this
all end
>> you mentioned about quick commerce which
Alibaba is really kind of digging their
heels into here right now. How do we
gauge whether this is a strategic move
or sort of a costly endeavor that's
really going to weigh on profitability?
>> Absolutely strategic. And I think they
have executed this food delivery uh like
strategy better than ever. Like it's
pulling all the resources that they have
within the ecosystem. Uh combining like
Flicky, Elema, they put it into like uh
into the traditional e-commerce
business. They have membership uh uh
program across all of these um different
segments and then um they use they
basically use quick commerce to uh to
improve the uh active users in Tawa and
then it could create cross-selling it
improve advertising and then they also
can save a little bit of money uh in
terms of advertising on that sense. So
if you look at sales and marketing
expenses, last year it was like 144
billion and we're talking about like
they're using 50 billion um in like for
like for food delivery subsidies. So um
so they actually I think they will be
able to substitute some of this
advertising uh expenses. I think they're
doing a great job.
>> Chelsea, thank you so much. Chelsea Tam
there, senior equity analyst at Morning
Star, laying out the bullcase there for
Boba, among really the many that we've
seen so far already here on the street.
Plenty more ahead.
[Music]
Okay. Um,
yeah. Uh, techs up baba bottom of your
screens. The Oracle story overnight
really doing enough to lift the the
overall theme across the region. Not
going to get into the specific names,
but yes, this is really fueling this AI
bull trend that's taking place. More on
that, plus more coming through. We're
out live of course out of Semicon Taiwan
as well on the same story coming
through.
[Music]
We start with some breaking news in the
second hour of the China show. Uh this
is according to a judge in the US. They
have ruled that President Trump cannot
fire the Fed Governor Lisa Cook for now.
We do know at this point that the US
Justice Department has opened that
criminal investigation into whether she
did in fact commit mortgage fraud. That
was sort of the the the legal case here
and whether there was cause for Trump's
move to fire her. The judge now updated
saying he cannot fire her for now. So
that's the latest that we know so far.
Um we we'll move around in that story a
little bit later on and talk a little
bit more about what's going on these
markets here right now because Hang Sang
is basically on fire here today. You
take a look at uh right now we are
seeing eight shares as well as the hang
up some 8/10 of 1%. It is one stock that
seems to be really helping and that's
Alibaba and really the cloud space in
general after we saw that outlook from
Oracle overnight and that really kind of
put some more fuel into this whole AI
trade Dave.
>> Yeah absolutely in fact a tens of 1% on
both benchmarks. You take it even
further. the hanging tech index. Can we
show that? I think we have a board up
the Hen Tech. Uh you have before I get
to this because this actually goes into
the Hanging Tech store. Let's show that
please if we can. You have the NASDAQ
store, you have Cosby, uh where you have
almost if not still on track to close at
a record high. Uh and of course, thank
you so much. And then you have of course
Taiwan where the economic data is
suggestive of the AI play still uh front
and center where you have record monthly
exports out of Taiwan. In Korea's case,
of course, at the current level. If we
close at this level, I believe we'll be
closing at a new all-time high. So, yes,
the tech trade is very much intact. Now,
what this means, and we'll go back to
the chart, which we just showed you.
What this means now for this, you know,
a tail, I'm going to call this next
segment a tale of two markets, right? In
this case, A and H. That gap is now at a
six-year low. We're at 120 as the H
shares continues to rally. We'll see
what happens with this, but just to give
you an indication of what the value gap
looks like. The other thing I want to
point out too is everything's rallying
right overnight. Yeah, the S&P had a
records. What we've done is if you're a
fan of pair trades, what we've done is
we put SPY on a ratio with KWE. So it's
in other words that's S&P versus Chinese
tech and of course that tends to move in
tandem because those are both
effectively risk assets. But on a pair
basis, the ratio is actually now because
of the outperformance of Chinese tech
now below the lower Ballinger B which
might indicate a trading signal that
that will likely reverse. The reason I
say that is that we've h we've had five
instances of that this year. All in the
first quarter all were shortly followed
by a very short-term bounce to the
upside. Now taking a step back not to
say that's a pivot back Ivon to US
equity markets. could happen. But what
I'm saying is uh the momentum has
certainly shifted in favor and the
narrative and stories have shifted in
favor of Chinese tech overall. I'm just
saying this might have strayed a little
bit too further uh short term.
>> Yeah. And it's certainly, you know, it's
interesting when you take a look at what
we just heard from Chelsea Tam from
Morning Star on Alibaba. She says, you
know, this stock still remains
undervalued because people are still
underpricing the whole sort of cloud
outlook for Alibaba here right now after
what we've heard from the earnings and
certainly uh them committing a billion
remmbb incentives to drive more traffic
to AAP. That was the news today. Uh that
just goes to show that you know they
continue to kind of be investing in in
the whole this whole commerce war too.
So is that going to stoke some concern
for the market? Not today at least.
Let's take a look at how our team is is
looking at this. is our Asia equity
reporter Woody Shu is with us right now.
I mean this continues to be a very
strong sort of equity rally. What's the
team watching out for today?
>> Yeah, actually we just saw the numbers
coming out CPI a bit on the downside but
you looked at the market and it's
actually you know CSI 300 up a little
and was a very strong uh Hong Kong
stocks as well. So that means that the
rally right now is really not looking
too much on the fundamental side of
things and it's also showing that even
while this is kind of still in the
deflationary uh environment, there's
still these different catalysts pushing
uh the the rally to go further and at
this point actually yesterday we had a
chat with um Bank of America. They're
seeing a little bit of an overheating uh
in the Chinese stocks rally whether you
look at technicals from the velocity
part of things or margin trading. So we
might see a little bit of correction as
we look ahead of the key events. Yes,
overall a very happy environment when it
comes to global macro because of the
expectation of the Fed to cut rates. But
that to some extent has started to be
priced in. So it's going to be very
critical to see what's going to happen
after the rate cut actually comes in and
as we prepare ahead of this uh fourth
plenary to come in in October. the the
the short term certainly does show some
overheating signs. The longer slow burn
part of the story though and I think
there's also a fantastic story that you
guys put out is really on what insurers
are doing to the market and what that
means for this sort of more sustainable
bull run part of the narrative.
>> Yeah, exactly. That is one key driver of
this structural story. Why this rally
has more to stay and that is also being
driven by kind of the government coming
in earlier in the year to recommend um
or to advise these longer term money to
come into the equities. And we saw
actually that this is already happening
with um these interest um holding of
equities reaching the highest in since
2022 and now holding about 8.6%
of equities. So that um stable money is
likely to provide support not just for
the onshore market also through the
southbound. So for the H shares and we
actually saw H shares um doing quite
well recently compared to onshore market
and southbound I believe yesterday I
checked was um seeing a constant inflow
for the past eight sessions. So you
really see uh that support whether it's
from the longerterm money or that recent
excitement around the AI front. All
right, what are you thinking? Winnie Shu
there, our Bloomberg Asia Equities
reporter. Um, there's a lot to talk
about here as well. Just the breaking
news that we just brought you as well
with a judge uh there now saying that
President Trump cannot fire Fed Governor
Lisa Cook for now. Let's bring in Balash
Pence, our senior, well, our news desk
editor on what this means. I believe
this is a temporary block right now.
What do we know so far?
>> Yeah, that's right. It looks like this
is the temporary injunction that Lisa
Cook and her legal team have have sought
to let her continue to stay on the Fed
and continue her job while this case
plays out in court. But it is
interesting that in in the arguments the
judge said that the president likely did
not have cause to fire Lisa Cook, which
goes to the heart of the case. The team
argued uh the legal team argued that
these uh mortgage fraud allegations
which she have denied do not constitute
enough cause for the president to remove
her from the board. But the key takeaway
is that for now it seems like she will
be part of that very very crucial Fed
rate decision next week.
>> Okay. Ju just to pivot and I I'll ask
you about the what we know get us up to
speed on the what happened in Doha
overnight. Just before that though, just
seems to be some breaking news right
now. Um, this is out of Poland. So,
Poland says that Russia violated its
airspace when striking Ukraine. This is
separate, of course. And it now says its
military operation and they, this was a
statement out 3 minutes ago, is ongoing.
So, this is something that's literally
happening as I speak. It's looking at
the situation very closely. It's ready
to respond and we understand it's also
Poland is currently looking into
well looking for to find the down drone
type objects. So far that is what we
know about this. I don't want to over
speculate in terms of what we don't know
but that's the those are the news lines
so far. Now just to sort of pivot us
back because sort of one military
operation is one story. The other thing
was we had what we had overnight Israel
strikes in Doha and it's really d you
know a rare push back really from from
from the White House when you look at
President Trump and what he said. In
fact, let's hear from President Trump
and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on that specific story.
>> I'll be giving a full statement
tomorrow, but uh I would tell you this.
I was very unhappy about it. Very
unhappy about every aspect. and uh we
got to get the hostages back. But I was
very unhappy about the way that went
down.
>> I convened the heads of Israel security
organizations and authorized a surgical
precision strike on the terrorist chiefs
of Kamas. Israel acted wholly
independently.
Wholly independently. And we take full
responsibility for this action. And this
action can open the door to an end of
the war.
Right, Balaz. Lots going on, but let me
start with let me start with Doha. What
do we know?
>> Well, this was an operation that Israel
carried out. They said they were
targeting Hamas leaders who were in
Doha. Uh but the big question is how
does this affect the peace negotiations
or ceasefire negotiations which which
have seemed to stalled uh quite
>> get rid of that. That's fine.
>> Uh quite a bit recently. uh and it and
it does uh look like uh both sides are
unhappy both the US and uh and the Gulf
allies. Uh so this creates a very
difficult situation for President Trump
as he tries to pursue this ceasefire
deal and it puts uh Qatar, the UAE and
other Gulf countries in a very difficult
situation as well as they have to
balance those different uh different
pressures uh that they are facing. It
looks like Israel did not notify anybody
far far ahead in advance of this
operations. They called President Trump
just before uh they started carrying it
out. They took full responsibility for
it. So we do see that rare piece of
daylight between President Trump and
Benjamin Netanyahu on this particular
issue.
>> Uh back to Poland now. So they've been
scrambling military jets. They shut a
major airport. You know, what do we know
so far about what what's happening there
so far? Well, I would start by saying
that uh sort of air airspace incursions
have happened before uh in this uh in
this war in Ukraine. Uh we have seen
that in many countries along the
Ukrainian border. Uh and NATO has had to
scramble jets several times before. Uh
we do have to wait a little bit to see
what exactly happened. From what we
heard so far, it looks like they might
have been looking for a drone that might
have strayed into Polish airspace. That
has happened before as well. A few years
ago, there was a case of a Russian drone
going all the way to Croatia uh sort of
wayward uh aircraft. Uh so that might be
what's happening here. We're not sure.
Uh the fact that they did close Shopopen
airport in uh in Warsaw and the fact
that they are talking about an unplanned
military military operation does suggest
that there is a level of concern. Just
how serious that is, we don't know. We
don't know yet.
>> Yeah. Good. good and controlled way of
course there Balas thank you so much and
we won't speculate beyond that point
we'll get you the latest once we have
more tangible information what's going
on there Bas Pence our news deskes uh
editor yeah lots going on we will take a
short break we'll be on back on the
other side of it markets are still
rallying we're up 1% now on the hanging
index there's plenty more ahead
[Music]
Welcome back. So this year's Semicon
Taiwan trade show is is underway and
market attention has, as you would
expect, turned to the mass production of
advanced packaging technologies,
capacity expansion in Taiwan, the US,
the whole AI and tech conversation. In
fact, let's bring in Annabelle Jewelers
who is in Taipei for us, our tech
correspondent, and she's standing by
with her next guest. Bel,
>> thanks Dave. I'm joined this morning by
DK Sai. He is the chairman of PTI. So,
we want to start off with with the role
of PTI in the ecosystem. And the role of
PTI specifically in AI and we've been
speaking this morning about how demand
for AI is is real. It's it's continuing
to evolve. It's maybe just in the early
innings that also means a lot of things
for your business. So, share how it
works in in the context. I
>> I think AI is the biggest growth driver
for the future.
uh currently it integrate SOC and HPM.
Uh we foresee the future AI require more
and more uh chip data integration.
>> So we customer will definitely need a
more bigger larger uh retical size of
package. So AI is going to be a
revolution for the industry. uh we think
uh we started AI uh application product
and we think the in the future our
package become very big. So the wafer
form for the AI is not able to support
the uh requirement.
>> So we focus on a panelized
AI. So we think that panicides are going
to be uh best solution for this
requirement.
>> And so what what does that allow then? I
mean we've been talking about going into
this sort of post Moors law era. How
pivotal is it that advanced packaging
technology going to be?
>> Uh I I think about the this AI
technology to make the AI uh I think
it's not just overnight you can
accomplish that. So basically need some
basic uh technology like cover bankang
and now very popular about the highex uh
PSV connection HPM and also uh many many
uh uh D attachment and then connection.
So that involves so much uh technology
to integrate as a AI chip. So I think we
are very optimistic about the uh the
technology which is a lot of challenges
but it means also a lot of opportunity
for the company.
>> Let's talk about some of the challenges.
I think this came up in your most recent
report but around around availability of
of machines as well. I mean it was
something that was raised because
advanced packaging is such a big focus
and you see TSMC for instance it has its
own technology co-wash chip on wafer on
substrate. How has it impacted your
business as well? I I think actually uh
our technology uh has an advantage. The
now everybody know coas
>> and coas actually is a chip on wafer and
on subree which is a popular term right
now but uh coas using the wafer is a
interposer but uh our uh panel size we
use the poly mai we make interposer by
ourself. So it's a different technology
but uh uh we are more challeng
we have a better advantage because uh
that wafer size when the package become
very big
>> is a per wave only can produce maybe a
single digit out the packaging but our
panel size we can do like five times of
the wafers form so I think that that is
the uh very challenge and and also very
interested technology and I think the uh
that will be the future trend to become
pano site not just co-as
>> and that is already in production right
now
>> yes yes
>> and how how do you keep up with demand
then I mean I know you've got production
sites in in Taiwan in China in in Japan
do you have enough capacity right now or
you looking to bring more online
>> I I think the uh for conventional
package I think our capacity is enough
to support a market demand But in terms
of this advanced technology, I think the
uh uh we are far behind far away from
the future requirement. Actually the
demand is very uh strong and uh very
solid. So we anticipate we're going to
have we are going to have a heavy
capital expenditure in the uh in the
coming years uh to support this uh
requirement.
>> Big decisions then. So when it comes to
deciding how you want to spend that
money, is it is it money that you want
to keep in Taiwan? Are you looking at
facilities abroad? What's your what's
your plan?
>> Yeah, we are still looking for that
because uh uh they are some they will
cause concern and also the because uh
this uh AI chip in the uh package
require heavy chemical expenditure. So
it's not easy to make a decision. So we
are still in the decision making
process.
>> Yeah. Certainly it's I mean it's
multi-billion dollar decisions
essentially is the US one of your
considerations
>> yeah US because TSMCI and also the US
tariff uh we did think of that uh but we
need the customer to support that so our
customer most of the US customer and
also uh Japan customer. So we are
thinking uh we are not looking for the
low cost uh low low level cost uh
country. We are thinking of the
technology which uh uh uh can justify
that kind of the cost. one of the the
sort of issues that you hear about or or
questions you hear about particularly in
Taiwan for companies that are looking to
move to the US and there is that push
that comes not just from the US but
maybe from the Taiwan side as well is is
around labor uh and there's that concern
maybe that the right people aren't there
maybe the cultural differences this week
for instance or last week we had the
raids for instance on on the Korean
plant the battery plant as well in in
the US I mean is that is that a
challenge that you could foresee
Yes, I think so maybe uh I think it will
be a good ch a great challenge because
uh uh I think US and Japan example they
did not uh invest a lot in this
semiconductor no matter in foundry or
back end but suddenly so many people
jump in there will be serious uh
engineering now the labor shortage
because most of our uh ter requirement
is engineer So that is the worry.
However, I think the US uh uh people to
US ter most of well educate and it
should be very easy to uh uh to to to
accept those uh to learn those kind of
technology. So uh from that point of
view I don't see a problem.
>> Okay. Well, it's Taiwan of course that
really set itself apart with the science
park approach. But DK, it's been a real
pleasure speaking with you this morning.
Uh that was DKI there, the PTI chairman
joining us from Semicon Taiwan. Dave,
>> yeah, and of course we have more with
Bell coming through here out of Semicon
Taiwan. Later on, we'll be joined by the
Infam CEO. Uh so stay tuned for that.
He'll be sharing his global outlook for
chips, supply chains, some of these
tariffs, of course, and trade risks. And
speaking of tariffs, there's an update,
big update. We'll tell you what it is
coming up on the other side of this
break. This is
[Music]
all right, welcome back. Alibaba has a
stock in focus for your highs.
Technicals, you decide what's actionable
based. We're just going to give you the
observation there. 14-day RSI above 70,
shares above the upper Ballinger band.
There's a lot of momentum across the
stock. Also, the big story in the last
few minutes is out of India. Nifty
futures doing this on your screens up
4/10en of 1%. And to tell us why is
Steven Angelo.
>> Yeah. So, we just heard from the prime
minister. So, the money is saying that
New Delhi US are working to conclude
these trade talks as well. What do we
know so far?
>> Okay. So, there's a lot of different
angles to this story. Um first of all we
had Donald Trump earlier today saying
he's looking forward to um you know
having more talks with his good friend
Narendra Modi uh and again the sort of
the courting of Modi is going on right
now. We saw it last week in in Tenjin in
the SEO where he was clasping hands with
Vladimir Putin and Xiinping. He skipped
the parade last week by the way. Uh but
he did obviously he's playing that side.
He's also warming up to the United
States as at the same time Donald Trump
is threatening more tariffs on India.
I'll get to that in just a second.
Basically, Modi is out with a statement
following the statements from Donald
Trump saying India and the US are close
friends and natural partners. We are
working to conclude discussions with the
US at the earliest point. He basically
says India and the US are close friends
and natural partners. I am confident
that our trade negotiations, this is
verbatim, will pave the way to unlocking
the limitless potential of the India US
partnership. He goes on as well, but
essentially uh he's trying to engender
some goodwill. Obviously, there's 50%
tariffs imposed on Indian goods to the
United States by Donald Trump, 25% for
reciprocal tariffs, 25% additional
tariffs for India buying Russian oil.
Meanwhile, there's a proposal being sort
of brought up from that's the other side
of the story on how confusing that could
actually add tariffs to India and China.
>> So, in a nutshell, Donald Trump called
into negotiations that were going on
between EU officials and US officials.
He essentially called in to say I got a
proposal and that is we will put
additional tariffs on China and India to
try and get Putin as a indirect result
to come to the negotiating table the
peace table to meet face tof face with
Zalinski and reach peace in Russia and
Ukraine. Okay. He said he'll do that if
the EU reciprocates and does the same
level of tariffs. But again, that's a
hard ask because again, the European
Union needs a unanimous decision from
member nations to do these strict uh
sanctions. At the same time, the the
European Union is right now trying to
figure out I think it's like the 19th
round of of sanctions against Russia,
but they need all members on board. And
countries like Hungary have not signed
on to strict uh sanctions against Russia
on the energy front. So again, they're
looking at possibly further restrictions
on uh shadow oil tankers, uh banks, the
financial sector or this Trump uh
suggestion which would add tariffs to
India. So that doesn't engender sympathy
from the Indians.
>> Okay, Steve, thank you so much. Stephen
Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent there. Very quickly a
glance that lithium stops down
substantially as this the CL mine is set
actually for a surprise earlier restart.
More supply coming to the market. Share
price southbound.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to that lunch break in just a
moment. Keep in mind we do have a 5-year
bond auction that's happening there in
the city just a few hours away. And
certainly it'd be interesting, you know,
if you put it against this backdrop of
this Bloomberg scoop that we had where
the BOJ seems to be still willing to
hike rates despite the political
uncertainty going on in that country
here right now. Uh makes for a pretty
interesting sort of bond auction here
today on whether we're going to see some
demand or not. Yeah, there there is
nothing you can do Ivon to pull me away
from my screen when the bond auction
comes out in about an hour from now. So
yeah, I mean we can we think
>> yeah we we can talk about lunch after I
see the you know bit bid to cover ratio
uh in a moment. The reason that's also
that time is also important is that's
also because the same about the same
time that we get the the five and the
fifth year bond auction results out of
out of China. So, I'm all things fixed
income uh today. Fixated, not an equity
markets. All that said, I'm being forced
to talk about it because this rally is
taking place. There we go. Uh on your
screens on the back of this, we talked
about this earlier on, right? CL,
we'll tell you more in a moment, but
yeah, CATL
not really doing a lot, but the other
lithium plays coming up on your screens
are really feeling the pinch here on the
back of information that the mine will
come back and turn out more lithium
earlier than previously thought. In
fact, CL Yeah, why don't we talk about
that?
>> Yeah, so this was something that we
brought to to your audiences maybe a few
few months ago. I want to say the you
know when they were going to be uh
really on the mine.
>> Yeah. That you know there was certainly
a lot of uncertainty around that.
>> So let's bring in our metals and money
reporter Martin Richie about what what's
really going on CL. So looks like
they're ready to restart this mine.
Martin and tell us a bit more about the
timing and and really the timeline now.
>> Uh yeah as you said uh Ivonne it wasn't
that long ago that we were talking about
this mine uh stopping and now we're
talking about it restarting. uh lithium
producers uh across Asia are uh down
today. Uh the expectation is that this
mine uh which is one of the world's
biggest, it's right in the center of
China's Lydium hub uh in Djang Xi
province, expectations are it might
start up again sooner than expected. Uh
and that's just going to add to uh
supply pressures that have belleaguered
lithium prices uh over the past few
years. Now um we're still trying to
understand exactly what the reasons um
for the faster than expected restart is
uh the understanding before was that you
know the government was concerned about
sort of overproducing
uh this uh important material the market
was over supplied. Um it may be simply
that uh CL the big battery producer
which owns the mine uh simply needs uh
more material um as uh demand starts to
ramp up towards the end of the year
typically uh for EVs. But um it's a it's
a big another twist for the Lydium
market. Producers down you know more
than 10 15 20% uh this morning in in
some places
>> and you got to wonder whether there's
some catch down further catch down
Martin because where lithium price is
still still remained. Have have we heard
from the company uh about about this?
Uh we haven't heard from uh CL which
owns the mine so far uh at all. Uh it
was supposed to the mines uh they were
applying for a new permit. Um and uh we
don't know if that has actually been
granted. We just we understand through
people familiar with the the the topic
that um they're trying to get it done
quicker quick quicker than um the
earlier time schedule. uh guess waiting
for the government the local government
to approve that that restart. Um but it
appears they are getting ready uh for
that restart. Interesting thing about
this mine is it's so important that um
when we had that all the discussion
about the potential halt there were
people flying drones above the mine to
see whether uh they could you know
detect uh any signs of activity sort of
uh coming down. So, I wonder if the uh
the people flying the drones will be
there again uh looking to see whether
it's uh about to restart.
>> Yeah, would be interesting what they
find and if someone's looking back up at
them and say, "Yeah, nothing to see
here." Martin, thank you so much. Martin
Richie uh in Shanghai Middleton Mining
reported there. Uh let's get to some uh
other corporate stories that we're
tracking here. So, we're talking about
Jane Street. We'll start here. So this
Indian Indian appeals court to be more
specific has directed the country's
securities regulator to respond to
allegations here that it would held
documents crucial to Jane Street's
defense in a market manipulation case.
Now the regulator has been asked to
reply within 3 weeks to Jane Street's
claims
has accused the trading firm of market
manipulation to book hefty profit. Now,
Oracle surged to a record and we're
seeing the play out across the region
today
uh after it gave an aggressive outlook
for its cloud business driven by demand
for AI infrastructure. Now, the forecast
or its forecast highlights how cloud
providers are positioning to then
capture the next wave of AI demand. Now,
the company says it signed a
multi-billion dollar or it signed mult
four multi-billion dollar contracts
plural last quarter, including one with
open AI. Right, talk about Apple. The
company introduced its latest lineup of
iPhones, including the thinnest version
ever, featuring enhanced cameras and
longer battery life. Now, alongside the
phones, Apple also introduced updated
smart watches and AirPods as it looks to
drive demand ahead of this upcoming
holiday season.
>> I I I think I need to go to an Apple
store just to see just how thin this
iPhone air is.
>> If you don't see it, that's how thin it
is. And is it going to be very like hard
to it's going to be hard to hold, right?
I don't know.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> I have small hands, so that's it's
probably going to fit in my skinny jeans
pocket.
>> You're getting a lot of images to our
viewers here. Um let's talk a little bit
more about uh well, there's a lot going
on amongst the bankers these days,
right? Um Bloomberg Scoop, we're
learning that CIC has created new job
titles for senior investment bankers as
it tries to retain talent amid a boom in
dealmaking in Hong Kong. How big is this
boom? Boy, take a look at just the
rankings in the league table here right
now in terms of some of the top
underwriters here in the city. Look at
number three and four, right? Civic
securities and CIC have basically made
it to the top five just given this
frenzy that we've seen and really
surpass the likes of UBS of late.
>> Yeah. This is really one of the favorite
functions of many of our clients. Of
course, the league table. Yeah.
>> Uh because this underscore of course
many endeavors out there. Okay. Okay,
let's let's get a broader sense of well
not just the the sort of uh pickup in
ECM and financing here but really what
that means for uh organizational
behavior uh with our deal supporter pay
here with us to talk us through. Okay,
so what's what's the story? What is CICC
doing here? So we are reporting that CIC
is creating two layers of new job titles
for its bankers and staff. you know used
to be analyst associate VP and then goes
on to dire executive directors and
managing directors right so now they're
creating this new director level you
know sandwich between VPs and EDS right
and then they're giving this senior
managing director title to mostly the
heads of the departments
um so this is kind of interesting
because as we know you know the common
prosperity prosperity is still in place
you know you know uh the the banks still
the the Chinese banks still very
conservative when it comes to you know
bonuses and payments and especially know
how much money the guy those guys are
making is still very sensitive topic
right so this gives CIC a new way to
recognize some of these bankers as we
also have reported uh two weeks ago that
some of the Chinese peers uh are also
giving uh pay raises actually quite
substantial you know 30 we're talking
about 20 30% pay raises
>> wow
>> right uh to some of the junior junior
bankers like associates and analysts
level. So this kind of can help CICC to
retain talents.
>> Uh while you know everybody's really
busy especially if you look at CICC and
CDIC securities they get andai uh they
get they get uh the biggest um you know
shares of all these A2 uh listings in
Hong Kong which is remains the theme of
the year right for ECM.
>> Yeah. And and you mean you guys have
been reporting that their head of equity
sales in Hong Kong was poached or left
as well right among some other senior uh
members as well. What are the bankers
saying about this? First and foremost,
what are you hearing so far?
>> I mean, I've been hearing quite mixed
messages, right? Like some people are
really cynical about it is like, oh, why
do you need to give the heads of the
departments a seen senior managing
director that as if people don't know,
they are like senior uh but I think you
know I think uh for among some of the
junior bankers they're pretty you know
pretty much welcoming this you know the
uh the for example the direct title I
think kind of helps them uh to have a
way to have a little bit of a pay raise.
is not something that can help them beat
inflation as one of the people uh was
telling me. So I think it's it's it's
one way to retain talents and and lift
the morale while you know they still get
everybody's getting super busy this
year.
>> Yeah, it's also an excuse and reason to
update your LinkedIn profile that you
got promoted. Paley, thank you so much.
Our deals reporter there. Right, just
ahead here on the China show, we'll get
an outlook. We're talking chips now with
the CEO of uh Infinian amid these
tariffs and trade risks live. That's
live coming through live next. This is
the China show.
[Music]
All right, we're talking about AI and
the white because that's really kind of
fueling these markets today. It's the
perfect time to be in Taipei for the
Semicon Taiwan trade show and that's
where we find Annabelle Jul and she's
standing by with another high-profile
guest. Belle.
>> Yeah, that's right. Yeah, really great
guest joining me this morning. This is
the Infinian CEO Yok and Hannib. So,
thank you very much for joining us on
Bloomberg television. I want to start
about where we are. I mean, we're in
Taiwan, of course, and and Taiwan plays
a really major role for you for your
business, the ecosystem, but just share
the significance of of the island.
>> Yeah, it's clearly one of the hot spot
of the semiconductor industry, and it
used to be always for manufacturing.
It's the base for the the biggest
foundaries in in the world, very
important partners of ours. But uh now
with the emergence of the AI um it's
really also the uh center for the AI
ecosystem and and and therefore really
important and and looking forward uh
those days here in Taiwan to meet up
with lots of partners, customers and
also welcome them at our um signature
event of October Tech uh tomorrow.
Let's talk about as well, you mentioned
of course AI and and it's very clear
today that that AI demand is real. It's
it's it's really only the early innings,
but but also the evolution because we're
moving from a point now that focus on
LLMs into more physical AI or embodied
AI. What does that also mean for your
business and and the kinds of of
semiconductors you're producing as well?
>> Yeah, absolutely. So the generative AI
um um the big topic for us is how to
power uh the AI data center. Uh but
you're right the next incarnation sort
of is physical AI and here we are
talking about uh very complex autonomous
uh systems like cars or humanoid robots
which need to um uh perceive understand
and act in a very complex uh
environment. Um and that's uh for us a
big big opportunity uh coming up because
uh it's about sensors. It's about uh for
sure compute but not only the main
compute it's also about um a local
compute and if you think about humanoid
robberts if you think about what our
fingers and arm joints are able to do
that will be a real challenge to
replicate that in aoid robbert and you
need lots of uh um semiconductors like
gallium nitrite for example to realize
these small joints so big opportunity
I'm looking forward to learn more here
from our partners about it.
>> You've signed a partnership with Nvidia
as well on humanoids in particular.
We hear these estimates about millions
of of humanoid robots being here in a
couple of decades, the industry worth
billions of dollars, but but what's the
opportunity for your business and could
you quantify do you think?
>> Yeah, I think it's at the early innings
as you said the the humanoid robots
story and of course there's a lot of
enthusiasm around it. Um I think we have
to also look at what already exists
because classical automation certain
types of robots are existing and are
already today useful in in manufacturing
lines or wherever. Uh and we I think
this industry still has to find out
where exactly the humanoid robbert is
adding uh value. But um any humanoid
robbert, we are talking about uh1 to
$2,000 worth of semiconductor content
per robbert. And then you multiply it
with whatever number um uh you you you
see in in any uh forecast and therefore
it's it's a very relevant story uh to
come up.
>> Yeah, really huge really huge cost
component basically for any humanoid
robot on the market. What about autos as
well? You mentioned that and then of
course you're big supplier into the
automotives industry. We've seen a
slowdown in in in parts. I mean in
Europe for instance, we've been speaking
about it. But on the flip side, you've
got new technologies that are developing
like autonomous driving software for
instance. So what what does the industry
look like to you right now?
>> Yeah, I mean on a global level the
number of car the car produced globally
is not changing that much, right? It's
normally fluctuates between 90 or 85
million. So um uh it shifts between the
regions but uh here Infinian is very
well placed because we have a rather uh
similar market share across all the
regions in the world and then uh what
matters for us a lot more is uh what you
mentioned is the growth of the bill of
material. So the number of
semiconductors in the car is growing
with the e-mobility in terms of power
and in ter in um the sense of automated
autonomous driving. We are talking about
more sensors. We talking about more um
uh uh compute. We are talking about the
softwaredefined uh uh vehicle and that's
clearly a big opportunity besides uh uh
market shifts or or a um uh sort of um
of course a difficult situation caused
by the by the terrorists.
medium-term I'm very optimistic um that
um not only from a cyclical point of
view there will be growth coming back in
the auto industry but mainly from a
structural point of view.
>> What about the auto industry in China? I
mean this is a market as well where
where you are getting a large amount of
revenue from from China as as a country
but but also we see names like BYD for
instance that are increasingly bringing
their chip designs and chip
manufacturing inhouse. So
>> how does that impact your business?
>> It's a as a matter of fact we have many
of the Chinese OEMs are at the forefront
of adapting new technologies. If you
think about softwaredefined vehicles um
uh the Chinese OEMs are in average I
would say ahead of uh uh of of other
regions and therefore they are important
for us to bring new technologies in the
car. Um um uh when it comes to um
certain OEMs that decide um to do some
of their uh semiconductor manufacturing
themselves uh that's that's for us okay
because at the end of the day we offer
about 100 product families in automotive
and uh they are focusing typically on
the SOC uh for automated driving or they
focus on the um um high power inverter
module, but that's then about maybe five
to 10 uh uh product groups and and all
of the uh um household names in China.
Um all of those OEMs we supply with our
broad portfolio ranging from power to
microcontroller which we have now uh
strengthened with the acquisition of the
Marvel automotive Ethernet business uh
as well as sensors. So we are really a
broad player and if somebody decides uh
for whatever reason to do this in-house
fine uh we can accommodate.
>> There has been though and we've seen it
that big push for self-reliancy led by
Beijing and then we're seeing the rise
of a lot of different semiconductor
players in China as well even if they
are still behind you know the largest
names in the world. Do you feel that as
a as a business even if you do have a
big product suite? Of course the um
China is investing big time into into
semiconductors and and and you see a lot
of capacity that has been built up.
Capacity alone doesn't mean uh uh
products. Um again um uh you need to
build up a portfolio. We have done so
over over 40 years. 40 years of of uh of
learning of of gaining experiences. Um
so I I absolutely uh uh uh take uh local
competition um uh serious uh but from a
uh from a bigger perspective. Um uh one
thing that uh where Infinian shines for
example is that we are not only a
component supplier but we understand the
system and we can sit down uh with the
OEM all the tier ones and and and define
the next generation of architecture and
combine them certain things and this
sort of system innovation is is
typically where you can uh keep uh uh
any um component competitor at a
distance.
>> Yeah. I guess trying to stay one step
ahead of of what is a very fast
innovation cycle.
>> Accelerate innovation is is key these
days.
>> Last question on China then. Do you see
yourself losing market share there? Is
that a concern for you?
>> Sorry.
>> Do you see yourself losing market share
there?
>> I think um our market share as I
mentioned already is pretty pretty
stable. It um um if you compare China
and Europe it's at the same uh level
actually also in Japan. So uh that's was
always our strategy because we we said
many years ago we will never be able to
predict where which OEM which region is
going to be more successful which car
model. So we are really aiming to be a
broad player um in in all all markets.
>> All right Yan thanks so much for your
time this morning and hope you enjoy the
conference and your event tomorrow as
well. But that was Yoken Hanback there
the Infinian CEO David back to you.
>> All right. Yeah, Bell. Fantastic there.
If you're one of our Bloomer clients and
you can rewatch that interview, it's TV
go on your terminal TV go literally. Uh
yeah, you can scroll back, scroll
forwards,
well up until the present, unless of
course you've figured out a way to time
travel. But yes, you can catch many of
the conversations that you might have
missed here on shows and Belle has done
some fantastic conversations and
interviews there out of Semicon Taiwan.
Plus, of course, some of the highlights
from the China show today. Plenty more
ahead. This is Moonberg.
[Music]
Right. Alibaba shares are still up
although we are quite noticeably coming
off highs of the day. We were up as much
as 3 4% at one point 146 I believe
thereabouts. 1.4%
1.3 now as they speak. So yeah, continue
to track this as I guess in many ways
the narrative has certainly changed for
the in terms of the bullish side, but
short-term indicators do suggest that we
might see a period of consolidation
ahead.
>> Signs of overheating at least for the
stock today. Maybe that's why we're
seeing a bit of a pullback particularly
when it comes to data stocks. Bear with
me here. There's a there's going to be a
>> tell me a story, Ivon. Okay.
>> About reforms to the marketbased
allocation of production factors. I
don't know what I just read, but that's
why we're seeing some of these stocks
going up here. Data tech, for example,
Sherronic up 11%.
>> Yeah. Again, the just simply underscores
as well the the sort of policy
sensitivity
>> particularly to good news recently,
right? And I think once we get more
information on these things, we tend to
get the markets tend to be rallying on
the back of this as well. Right. I I I
the the macro picture though did get
somewhat clearer today with following
the release of the inflation numbers
which came through and the CPI print
which the NBS then came out and said it
was a high base from last year which
really pushed this even down even
further to negative.4% among the many
other things. Of course the more
encouraging bit came through with PPI
which came in in line with expectations
narrowing that contraction and in a
month-month basis was almost at neutral
or zero still negative.2% 2% monthly.
But yes, this is indicative of the
anti-involution efforts.
>> Yeah. But economics just came out with
their reaction piece and saying, you
know, is this a sign of hope that
anti-involution is now working and
starting to ease some of the
deflationary pressures out there on the
factory floor, whether it's upstream or
midstream industries here right now. So
that is I guess the the positive spin in
all that as well. You take a look how
the bond markets are doing. Not a whole
lot. I mean, you are seeing the 30 gear
up a little bit there. A little bit of
steepening there, but we do have that
big bond auction five and 50 year later
later on too.
>> Yeah, it comes out I believe in about 40
or so minutes from now. Also about the
same time that we get, of course, the
5-year JGB auction following what's
really been and it's only Wednesday,
right? So, a lot of drama as it pertains
to the political environment, but we're
holding fast and standing steady as far
as the JGB auction and the BOJ is
concerned following our reporting that
they are still prepared if indeed that
is the case to hike interest rates
despite the politics. So, that's it from
us here on the China show. We'll see you
all Mingen.
[Music]